it's only the human beings who have got
this freedom
the will free will as they call it
if you want to go to heaven you can go
to heaven if you want you can go
to hell
and that is what we are facing now in
modern times
that if we do not
take course to sensible things
we may be all wiped out of the surface
of the
earth
i've been telling since long that it
affects our
genes supposing a father is an alcoholic
the son also gets it in his jeans
so many things most of the vulnerability
that you are
or
what you can call the susceptibility
is coming from these genes
now the susceptibility to do something
wrong
always to take to something bad whatever
is destructive
comes from the gene
and it was said that
the asians have two genes
which protects them bars them
for doing something wrong
might be the culture is such i don't
and the aboriginals and the people who
have lived in the nature
have only one gene that protects
but for white skin there's no gene to
protect can you imagine
they are left winds whichever way the
wind blows they start blowing
so it's such a big problem with the
white skin
also they think they are the higher race
but they are not according to the
biological
process you can say you can see the
germans what they did
i mean killing children in the gas but
how could they do it i mean i
just unimaginable
the way they have killed people in all
the con all the
african countries also especially in
america the spanish
unimaginable the way they have treated
other people
everywhere cruelty comes to them first
very easily they can become cruel
they take to bad things very easily
there are some sahaja yogis who came to
sahaja yoga stayed in sahaja yoga
for so much and again they have taken to
their bad life
so now it is very much to be understood
that you have to be very careful and
cautious
the bhoots will first catch you
that's why it's so much schizophrenia
everywhere if your schizophrenia is so
much true
in america so much
all kinds of horrible diseases there i
can't understand how they got it
so one has to be very careful
that after coming to sahaja yoga you
must stick on
to your sublime self to your glorious
self
otherwise
it is dangerous
one one thing about sahaja yoga was
amazed at how
it cleanses the genes actually jane
uh in a
partial language scholar like bhuta you
know gene
but this
whole theory is now showing
that
white-skinned people are more
vulnerable to all kinds of things
and i think they are the ones who have
suffered a lot
because there must have been a big fight
within
what is this nonsense we are doing why
should we do it
and that's why so many
of them started seeking so many of them
the seeking is so much suggested in
indian culture everything
but nobody did that the way you people
were seeking
it's creditable because you realized
perhaps that
this is a terrible life we are into why
are we here
so unprotected and that's why so much of
we have so many sahaja yogis all over
the world
who have taken to sahaja yoga
and are studying themselves
and are progressing beautifully
that means the genes which we are not
protecting have become protective
one thing and those genes which
make you vulnerable to things also
become clean
and you cannot get to those things they
said the people who get aids
are the ones who have genes like that
they are vulnerable to aids
so this new dimension that
science has exposed before us
tells us two things that
by living like a
white country
people saw the hell itself
and that's why they have taken now it's
such a big jump
to sahaja yoga
and your duty is
to see that
you get more out of all that hell
around you if you see i mean when you
read the newspaper you're shocked
it's not the accident by which people
die
but all kinds of diseases murders this
that going on god knows
such violence especially in america you
will be surprised
that i can't even wear my wedding ring
there my husband doesn't allow me to
wear my wedding ring
even mangal sutra
and what goes wrong with them
i don't know that they take to violence
without any difficulties
we had one gentleman who came from
america
he had already murdered his brother and
murdered his mother
mother also mother and brother both
i said how could you do that
and so many you will find in england who
have killed their children
and now as i was telling you it's a very
dangerous situation
when you ideate about the genes and the
no protective genes
because i remember once one student who
had
uh gone to cambridge he came back and he
said what surprises me
he they take to drugs like a venture
they take to anything bad like a venture
for us we are frightened you know we
think this is wrong all throughout we
know it is wrong
and we are doing wrong knowingly
he told me i don't know how they get
over this
uh protectiveness they just go ahead
long input
anything you know allow affair with any
unknown girl
they'll sleep with anyone how can they
do it
they don't even think whether it is
right or wrong
that's what is true
that to introspect and see for yourself
whether it is good or bad is very
important
now also we have some national problems
different nationality has different
problems
but in sahaja yoga i think we are washed
off all these things